Docker tuning (#1108)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/tutorial/tune.md

node.max_ports = 2097152
```

## When running in docker

> The tunning in dokcer is quite similar to the above steps done for VM installation.

Reviewer: Typo: docker

node.max_ports = 2097152
```

## When running in docker

Usually you should tune the linux docker host by following the above guide.

> If you want tune linux kernel by docker, you must ensure your docker is latest version (>=1.12).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to tune the linux kernel by docker, you must ensure your docker is latest version (>=1.12).
```

Here is an example to show how it looks.

```
docker run -d --name emqx -p 18083:18083 -p 1883:1883 \
    --sysctl fs.file-max=2097152 \
    --sysctl fs.nr_open=2097152 \
    --sysctl net.core.somaxconn=32768 \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.tcp_max_syn_backlog=16384 \
    --sysctl net.core.netdev_max_backlog=16384 \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.ip_local_port_range='1000 65535' \
    --sysctl net.core.rmem_default=262144 \
    --sysctl net.core.wmem_default=262144 \
    --sysctl net.core.rmem_max=16777216 \
    --sysctl net.core.wmem_max=16777216 \
    --sysctl net.core.optmem_max=16777216 \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.tcp_rmem='1024 4096 16777216' \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.tcp_wmem='1024 4096 16777216\ \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.tcp_max_tw_buckets=1048576 \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.tcp_fin_timeout=15 \
    emqx/emqx:latest
```

::: REMEMBER

> The best practice is NOT to run docker `--priviledged` and NOT to mount system volumes to the container for kernel tunning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The best practice is NOT to run docker `--privileged` and NOT to mount system volumes to the container for kernel tuning.
```
